quickBuy                  = true
lockItemPickup            = false
mapZoom                   = 40
importedCharacters        = true
lockMapRotation           = false
cameraShake               = false
gore                      = false
questwidgetopen           = false
corpsePersistence         = 0
blood                     = 1
reportStats               = 2
targetLock                = false
inactiveUpdateRate        = 0
cloudSaving               = true
gamepadSupport            = false
breakingMoveTo            = true
classicCasting            = false
gamepadTargetLock         = false
autoLootRadius            = 1
critFeedback              = true
dayNightCycle             = false
toggledAurasSelf          = true
toggledAurasOther         = true
toggledWeaponEffects      = true
detailItemTooltips        = true
showMonsterLevelOnRollover = true
displayDamage             = true
critMultipliers           = true
targetOutline             = true
tutorialTips              = false
errorMessages             = true
autoItemTooltips          = false
extraRollovers            = false
sortConfirmBypass         = true
hotbarCooldownCounter     = true
showTime                  = true
mainMenu                  = 0
screenEffects             = true
newItemHighlight          = true
monsterBars               = true
playerBars                = true
playerLocalBar            = true
petBars                   = true
playerHealth              = true
playerBarsLarge           = false
monsterHealth             = true
monsterIcons              = true
monsterBarsUndamaged      = false
monsterBarsLarge          = false
bossBarsLarge             = true
healthBarsPercent         = true
monsterBarsDebuffs        = false
textureQuality            = medium
shadowQuality             = low
shadows                   = false
weatherQuality            = low
weatherEnabled            = false
depthOfField              = false
softParticles             = false
reflectionQuality         = low
detailLevel               = low
resolution                = 1360 768
refreshRate               = 141000000 2348064
windowPosition            = -32000 -32000
antiAliasing              = 1
anisotropicFiltering      = 0
screenMode                = 0
syncToRefresh             = false
tripleBuffer              = false
detailObjects             = false
advancedEffects           = false
brightness                = 0.5
contrast                  = 0.5
gamma                     = 0.5
fxQuality                 = low
lightingQuality           = low
uiScale                   = 0.240838
device                    = 0
colorblind                = 0
alphatocoverage           = false
ambientocclusion          = false
deferredrendering         = false
fxaa                      = false
fog                       = false
masterVolume              = 0.460733
musicVolume               = 0.465969
effectsVolume             = 0.465969
ambientVolume             = 1
dialogVolume              = 1
rockOn                    = true
speakerType               = 1
soundDevice               = 0
errorSpeech               = true
captureDevice             = 0
micLoopback               = false
voiceVolume               = 1
voicechatEnabled          = false
voicechatPushToTalk       = false
networkAdapter            = ""
networkMTU                = 1400
UPnPEnable                = false
language                  = "Russian"
datapath                  = ""
forceSingleProcessorMode  = false
maxResourceThreads        = 1
skipCompatibilityChecks   = false
useArchives               = true
setupComplete             = false
v1200FirstRun             = true
